index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 
---

<script type="text/javascript" async
  src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.7/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML">
</script>

<script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
MathJax.Hub.Config({
  tex2jax: {
    inlineMath: [['$', '$'], ['\\(', '\\)']],
    processEscapes: true
  }
});
</script>

> *[Letters to Abigail](https://www.masshist.org/digitaladams/archive/doc?id=L17800512jasecond)*

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/%22The_School_of_Athens%22_by_Raffaello_Sanzio_da_Urbino.jpg)

### [Qua](https://www.economist.com/culture/2024/05/14/god-an-ageing-product-outperforms-expectations): 1st, 3rd, 5th, [♭♭7th](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chord_notation#Chord_quality), 9th  
- Hunter-gatherer/`War`
- Peasant/`Economics`
            
### Ntity: 11th, 13th
- Farmer/`Calculus`
- Manufacturer/`Philosophy`         

### [Lity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PjmW0dNePA): ♯9,♭9,♯11,♭13 
- Electricity/`Musick`
- Railway/`Leisure`

#
![Diminishing Marginal Utility](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/diminishing_marginalutility.png)

> [Palates evolve](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/)    
One thus needs evolving challenges to match them    
Worthy adversaries to test and engage these tastes    
The embrace of more remote overtones of the harmonic series    
[*La Distinction*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distinction_(book)) or ***Q**ualities* of Taste, Judgment, Acts    

![](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/diminishing_returns_wsj.jpg)

**DIO.** Enough of both your odes.

**AESCH.** Enough for me. Now would I bring the fellow to the scales. That,       
that alone, shall test our poetry now, And prove whose words are      
  weightiest, his or mine.      

**DIO.** Then both come hither, since I needs must [weigh](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/7998/pg7998-images.html)     
The art poetic like a [pound](https://www.jstor.org/stable/696535) of cheese.

Commit message:

La Distinction: Taste, Judgement, Capital

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 
---

<script type="text/javascript" async
  src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/mathjax/2.7.7/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML">
</script>

<script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
MathJax.Hub.Config({
  tex2jax: {
    inlineMath: [['$', '$'], ['\\(', '\\)']],
    processEscapes: true
  }
});
</script>

> *[Letters to Abigail](https://www.masshist.org/digitaladams/archive/doc?id=L17800512jasecond)*

![](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/49/%22The_School_of_Athens%22_by_Raffaello_Sanzio_da_Urbino.jpg)

### [Qua](https://www.economist.com/culture/2024/05/14/god-an-ageing-product-outperforms-expectations): 1st, 3rd, 5th, [♭♭7th](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chord_notation#Chord_quality), 9th  
- Hunter-gatherer/`War`
- Peasant/`Economics`
            
### Ntity: 11th, 13th
- Farmer/`Calculus`
- Manufacturer/`Philosophy`         

### [Lity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PjmW0dNePA): ♯9,♭9,♯11,♭13 
- Electricity/`Musick`
- Railway/`Leisure`

#
![Diminishing Marginal Utility](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/diminishing_marginalutility.png)

> [Palates evolve from infancy to adulthood and late age](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/)    
One thus needs evolving challenges to match them    
Worthy adversaries to test and engage these tastes    
The embrace of more remote overtones of the harmonic series    
[*La Distinction*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distinction_(book)) or ***Q**ualities* of Taste, Judgment and Capital   

![](https://abikesa.github.io/johnadams/diminishing_returns_wsj.jpg)

**DIO.** Enough of both your odes.

**AESCH.** Enough for me. Now would I bring the fellow to the scales. That,       
that alone, shall test our poetry now, And prove whose words are      
  weightiest, his or mine.      

**DIO.** Then both come hither, since I needs must [weigh](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/7998/pg7998-images.html)     
The art poetic like a [pound](https://www.jstor.org/stable/696535) of cheese.
